## Version 1.4.2 (08/02/2013) ##

  * Our dependency parser can give multiple parse output given a sentence.  Please take a look at this [demo class](https://code.google.com/p/clearnlp/source/browse/src/main/java/com/googlecode/clearnlp/demo/DemoMultiParse.java) for more details about how to utilize this API.
  * Predicate argument structures generated by our semantic role labeler now matches the information in the PropBank frameset files.  You need to download new SRL models for this change.  You can download the new SRL models from the following links: [OntoNotes](https://bitbucket.org/jdchoi77/models/downloads/ontonotes-en-srl-1.4.2.tgz), [Mayo](https://bitbucket.org/jdchoi77/models/downloads/mayo-srl-1.4.2.tgz).
  * In `DEPNode`, semantic arcs used to be represented as a list of `DEPArc`, which is now represented as a list of `SRLArc`, where `SRLArc` is a sub-class of `DEPArc`.  This is done because semantic arcs require more fields than syntactic arcs.
  * Semantic arcs representing numbered arguments now carry function tags if they exist.  For instance, `ARG1` of the verb predicate "leave", which is "a place left", now carries a function tag `DIR`.  These function tags can be retrieved by using the `SRLArc.getFunctionTag()` method.

## Version 1.4.1 (07/21/2013) ##

  * Fixed bugs caused by missing dependent links after post-processing.
  * Fixed bugs caused by cyclic relations in semantic role labeler.

## Version 1.4.0 (07/15/2013) ##

  * Added slf4j and fastutil libraries.
  * Weight vectors in statistical models are saved as binary objects, which makes model loading much faster.
    * The dependency parsing model in this version is about 6 times bigger than the one from the previous version, but it is loading much faster.
  * Usernames such as "jinho.choi" are no longer tokenized (used to be tokenized to ;"jinho", ".", "choi").
  * Non UTF-8 characters such as Microsoft smart quotes are converted to their alternative UTF-8 characters.
  * The POS tagger can adapt predefined pos tags.
  * The morphological analyzer uses more commonly used lemmas (e.g., `pass -> pas`, `datum -> data`, `i -> I`).
  * The dependency parsing model uses selectional branching, which gives about 1% higher accuracy and takes about 9ms per sentence to parse.
  * The semantic role labeler guarantees only one numbered argument type per predicate.
  * The dependency convertor takes more account into semantics, using PropBank.

## Version 1.3.1 (02/26/2013) ##

  * A VerbNet classifier is added.
  * A dictionary file is updated: [dictionary-1.3.1.zip](https://bitbucket.org/jdchoi77/models/downloads/dictionary-1.3.1.zip).
  * Bug fixes on the English tokenizer for Windows platforms.

## Version 1.3.0 (12/29/2012) ##

  * All components using statistical models are now inherited from [AbstractComponent](https://code.google.com/p/clearnlp/source/browse/src/main/java/com/googlecode/clearnlp/component/AbstractComponent.java).
  * All statistical models have been updated (see [TrainedModels](TrainedModels.md)); they are slimmer and more accurate.
  * Roleset identification is added to semantic role labeling.

## Version 1.2.1 (10/29/2012) ##

  * Minor bugfix on the Tokenizer (e.g., U.S.$).

## Version 1.2.0 (10/29/2012) ##

  * [Reported bugs](https://code.google.com/p/clearnlp/issues/detail?id=2) for the tokenizer are fixed.
  * Engine getters support InputStream due to [a request](https://code.google.com/p/clearnlp/issues/detail?id=4).
  * A [predicate identifier](PredIdentifier.md) is added.
  * A [semantic role labeler](SRLabeler.md) is added.
  * A [new dictionary file](https://bitbucket.org/jdchoi77/models/downloads/dictionary-1.2.0.zip) is added.

## Version 1.1.0 (10/16/2012) ##

  * There are many changes in APIs and pre-defined models.
  * A [tokenizer and a sentence segmenter](Tokenizer.md) are added.

## Version 1.0.0 (9/8/2012) ##

  * A [constituent to dependency converter](C2DConvert.md) is added.
  * A [part-of-speech tagger](POSTagger.md) is added.
  * A [Morphological analyzer](MPAnalyzer.md) is added.
  * A [dependency parser](DEPParser.md) is added.